Objective To explore the promotion and obstruction factors of diabetic foot grading diagnosis and nursing, providing a basis for the advancement of diabetic foot management and clinical intervention. Methods Semi-structured in-depth interviews were conducted with 21 doctors, nurses and community health workers, and the data were collated and analyzed using the Colaizzi seven-step method. Results Three promoting factors were formed: patients' demand for DF grading diagnosis、Social demand for balanced medical resources、Community hospital security guarantee for disease full cycle management。Four hindering factors were formed: inadequacy of primary medical facilities, insufficient professional ability of community personnel, lack of organizational support and personnel collaboration, and low willingness of patients to seek medical treatment at the community level. Conclusion Discussion on the promotion and obstruction factors of diabetes-hierarchical management on national health policy decision makers and clinical health professionals in promoting the implementation of DF hierarchical management and subsequent clinical intervention design important significance, providing theoretical basis for further implementation of DF hierarchical management.


Objective To explore the promoting and blocking factors of diabetic foot tiered medical servicesgrading diagnosis and nursing, providing a a basisfundamental  for the advancement promotion of diabetic foot management and its clinical intervention research and clinical intervention. 

Methods Semi-structured in-depth interviews were conducted with 21 doctors, nurses and community health workers, ; and the data were collecated and analyzed using theby means of Colaizzi seven-step method. 

Results Three promoting favorable factors were are formedidentified: increasing of patients' demand for DF tiered grading diagnosis、, Social high recognition of tiered diagnosis from multidisciplinary teamsdemand for balanced medical resources、, and security advantages of Community community hospitals security guarantee for disease full lifecycle management. 。Four adverse  hindering factors are identifiedwere formed: inadequacy of primary medical infrastructure construction facilities, incompetenceinsufficient professional ability of community personnelmedical staff, lack of organizational support and personnel collaboration, and low willingness ofunwilling to patients to seek medical treatment at thego to community levelhospitals. 
Conclusion The favorable and adverse factors are of great significance to the study and promotion of tiered medical services of diabetic foot for policy makers and clinical medical staff, which serves as a theoretical fundamental for the practical implementation.

Discussion on the promotion and obstruction factors of diabetes-hierarchical management on national health policy decision makers and clinical health professionals in promoting the implementation of DF hierarchical management and subsequent clinical intervention design important significance, providing theoretical basis for further implementation of DF hierarchical management.
