
Coping strategies after adverse nursing events: A meta-ethnographic synthesis
题目是否需要每个单词首字母大写？

revealed that 4%–17% of hospitalized patients experienced AE (Rafter et al., 2015). Within EU member states, the incidence of AE among hospitalized patients ranged from 8% to 12% (World Health Organization, 2016). 
可以简写

Moreover, these statistics may have been underestimated because many studies relied only on the medical records of hospitalized patients, whereas some AE may not have been recorded and reported by some hospitals. 
如果没有强力参考文献支持，这一段简写

Thus, this issue further influences the recording and reporting of AE within health care
用长句合并上一句

Previous Studies shown that nurses who serve as the second victim
少一个 serve

（(Chronology of medication errors by nurses: accumulation of stresses and PTSD symptoms）).
用英文括号，不是中文括号

 The prevalence of second victims can be as high as 72.6% 
和上一句显得有矛盾，需要一个衔接。

allows more patient contact and opportunities to perform procedures, hence the chances of errors are always present. 
改成allows more opportunities to interact with patients, hence the chance of AE is always present. 

且由于人力成本预算有限，人员配备不足，护士通常需要同时有效地完成几项复杂的任务
翻译：Moreover, given limited budget and lacking of human resources, nurses usually need to complete several tasks effeciently and simultaneously.

，因此，在护士的职业角色中，不良事件、医疗错误和与情绪影响相关的意外结果是不可避免的
翻译： Therefore, it is evitiable to undertake the accidentical consequense of AE, medical mistakes, and negative emotions for nurses in their works.

In recent years, studies shown that
改成：studies show that

China research has shown that junior nurses main adopt resign strategies after AE in multipress. This finding is rarely shown in other countries. This finding is rarely shown in other countries.
改成：Research in China has shown that junior nurses often quit the job after AE under multiple pressures, which is rarely found in other contries.

新加坡研究发现不良事件发生后，护士多采用voidance coping, religion, and spirituality coping strategies. 然而，美国研究发现，由于发生不良事件后不知如何以及去哪里求助，医护人员经常采用沉默来应对。
翻译：In Singapore, nurses are always taking voidance, religion, and spirituality coping strategies after AE, while in US, they are used to keeping silence since they have no idea on how to seek for assistance when AE occurs.

Thus, nurses in different countries who undergo vary medical cultural context, use different coping strategies to reduce, manage, and endure symptoms of sadness.
改为：Thus, nurses from contries of diverse medical cultural context adopt different coping strategies to relieve, manage, and endure the symptoms due to AE.

本研究中文化的操作性定义为不同国家的护士在经历第二受害者现象后而产生的不同应对方式。
翻译：In our study, the operative definition of cultural context is the different measures taking and coping strategies of different nurses after becoming the second victim.


Although studies have shown that providing physical and psychological support for second victims is essential to prevent medical staff from becoming second victims, improve their individual and professional status, and keep them from experiencing the adverse impacts on the management of existing and future patients.
这话谁写的，也太矛盾了，改成：Although studies have shown that providing physical and psychological support after AE is essential to prevent medical staff from becoming second victims, to improve their individual and professional status, and to keep them from experiencing the adverse impacts on the management of existing and future patients.

However, because this training is not available to medical institutions and nursing managers, the provision of appropriate support for nurses who experience AE poses a challenge.
改成：However, as the training is not easily available to medical institutions and nursing managers, provision of appropriate support for nurses who experience AE poses a challenge.

One study
改成：A study，
文章行文逻辑上不严谨，你研究的是nurses AE，但是这句话上写的是medical staff AE

A systematic review of literature revealed that most studies described attitudes about and immediate responses to an error
这里的an error是指什么？这段话和你的文章有什么关系？这是说别人的review还是你自己这篇review？

其次,目前研究多专注于医生及助产士的应对策略，而不是护士。因此本研究很好的填补了这一研究空缺。
翻译：In addition, current studies are mainly focusing on the 2nd victim of doctors and midwives rather than nurses, which is complemented by our study.

本研究采用元人种志的方法，通过抽取原始研究中的核心概念进行严格比较和分析，形成新的集成式研究成果，
这中文我都看不懂。。。翻译：By means of meta-ethnographic synthesis, this article strictly compares the core concepts of samples from original studies, forming new research results in an integration manner. It provides

最后一段应该是你文章的contribution，但是看不出来，需要好好改内容和表达，明确你的contributions


