
Methods: From this point on, I will use Tong et al’s ENTREQ checklist to guide my review. The reference for this source is: Tong, A., Flemming, K., McInnes, E., Oliver, S., & Craig, J. (2012). Enhancing transparency in reporting the synthesis of qualitative research: ENTREQ. BMC medical research methodology, 12(1), 1-8.
The research question guiding the study was: How do nurses cope with adverse events?
The introduction does not make this question clear as concepts of “coping” and “adverse events” are not defined. Further, the context of the setting is not clear at this point, whether in any specific medical unit, versus community, versus primary care clinic?
回复：已对“coping”and“adverse event”进行定义，本研究中context of the setting是包括所有的医疗机构，Please see table 2. 
[Mengwen] The definition of “coping” and “adverse event” are proposed in this paper. In our study, “context of the setting” denotes all organizations/institutions providing medical service. Please see Table 2.

Synthesis methodology: The authors identify meta-ethnography as their choice for synthesis, but not justification or rationale as to why.
回复：以补充说明选择Meta-ethnography 的原因。Please see section 2.1
[Mengwen] The reason for choosing Meta-ethnography has been provided. Please see section 2.1.

Approach to searching: The search appeared to use pre-planned search strategies to seek all available studies from 6 databases. Was a librarian consulted to choose the databases and search terms? If so, please state, as this would add rigor to the search process. Data sources: Please provide the rationale for using the data sources chosen.
回复：本研究数据库的选择及检索策略均在首都医科大学专职图书管理员的帮助下进行，以补充相关内容。Please see section 2.2 
[Mengwen] A specialized librarian of CCMU was consulted for databases selection and paper search strategy. Please see section 2.2.

Inclusion criteria: While the author provided the inclusion/exclusion criteria, they mention exclusion based on “articles of level C quality” without explanation as to what this entails. Please explain.
回复：articles of level C quality是指经过Joanna Briggs Institute Qualitative Assessment and Review Instrument （evidence of grade评价为通过对文章方法学进行评估为不可信的文章）但经过仔细阅读mete-ethnography的相关文献，发现不用对文章的进行严格的质量评价，故删除该排除标准。Please See section 2.3
[Mengwen] “Articles of level C quality” refers to the paper that are graded as “untrustworthy” in terms of “paper methodology” through “Joanna Briggs Institute Qualitative Assessment and Review Instrument”. But in our paper, we removed this exclusion criterion as it is not applicable to meta-ethnography related study and it does not influence our searching results. Please See section 2.3.


Electronic search strategy: Authors state that “the search terms were developed from the research question using the SPIDER tool.” Details were provided in a supplementary file.

Study screening methods: Pg. 4: While quality appraisal was stated to have been done through QARI, by “all the authors during a group meeting,” and studies were deemed of “high” quality, it was not clear who did the study screening and sifting (e.g. title, abstract and full text review) or the number of independent reviewers who searched and screened studies. It was also not stated what was meant by “high” quality by the QARI, nor the rationale for using this tool. Please add these items to the paper.
回复：以补充文献筛选流程及使用QARI的原因及“high” quality 的定义，Please see section 2.2 and 2.4.
[Mengwen] The procedure of “screening and sifting”, the reason for QARI and the definition of “high quality” are added in the paper. Please see section 2.2 and 2.4.

Rigor was ensured through independent analysis of at least 2 authors, followed by the CERQual Approach to measure the “degree of confidence” of the four dimensions. Authors reported, “The CERQual assessment showed low confidence levels relating to confrontation and communication, as these strategies were evident in very few studies. Medium to high confidence levels were apparent for compensation, avoidance, learning, and defense, indicating that they reasonably represent the nurses’ coping experiences after adverse events (File S2).” How should the reader understanding “low confidence levels” related to two of the themes? Can authors explain, as readers may not be familiar with the CERQual tool.
回复：清晰而详尽的CERQual 方法已经补充。Please see Sup-file2.
[Mengwen] The method of CERQual assessment has been clearly provided in details. Please see Sup-file2.

Data extraction: I was unclear which sections of the primary studies were analyzed and how were the data extracted from the primary studies. Please add. (e.g. all text under the headings “results /conclusions” were extracted electronically and entered into a computer software). Was any software used to facilitate data management? If so, what software and how was it used?
回复：数据分析提取流程已补充，已添加数据提取的相关内容及使用的分析软件。Please see 2.5; table3。 
[Mengwen] The data analysis and extraction procedures are supplemented in the paper, including how were the data extracted by the software we used. Please see Section 2.5 and Table 3.



Results:
Presentation of some of the characteristics of the included studies were detailed in table 2, and briefly stated in the text:  country, range of participants, methodology, methods, research purpose, but not specific details of the paradigms for analysis (e.g., what type of phenomenology, or quality appraisal scores of each for comparison).
回复：已补充具体的type of phenomenology. Please see table 2.
[Mengwen] Specific details of type of phenomenology is provided. Please see table 2.

Study selection results: Flowchart was provided to identify number of studies screened, and reasons for exclusion at each stage.

Quotations: Authors provided quotations from the primary studies to illustrate themes/constructs, and identify whether the quotations were participant quotations of the author’s interpretation. I found the metaphor authors used, “the growth of nurses after hardship, torment, and hesitation” loosely captured the themes of: compensation, confrontation, communication, avoidance, learning, and defense. Perhaps, I missed how these codes were interpreted from a specific interpretative paradigm? Or perhaps, the authors could illustrate an example of how they came to one of these themes? I was confused particularly with the first theme of “compensation” when data encompassed initial panic, anxiety, grief, and then loss of sleep. How does this reflect “compensation?” To compensate is an act of making up for the error in judgement. The data does not reflect this, but rather the emotional distress from the adverse event.
回复：已对本研究中合成的“metaphor“进行详尽的解释说明。已将”compensation“修改为”remediation“,并对其内容进行重新调整。Please see section 4.1 and 5.
[Mengwen] The metaphor of synthesis findings is elaborated and “Compensation” is revised to “Remediation” with some necessary rewording in the paper. Please see section 4.1 and 5.

Discussion: Synthesis output was demonstrated by authors through a rich, compelling and useful results that went beyond a summary of the primary studies. Authors presented results as similar to a model of comparison by Endler, Parker, & Butcher, 1993, but how was it different within the context of nurses’ work, as compared to the original studies by Endler et al?
回复：已补充分析原始的Endler, Parker, & Butcher 多维度压力应对模型与本研究context of nurses’ work结合后的特殊性及不同点。Please see 5 DISCUSSION.
[Mengwen] Analysis are provided for comparing Endler’s study with ours where we studied in context of nurses’ work. We also try to use their coping model to explain our findings to show the characteristics of nursing. Please see section 5 DISCUSSION.

Page 10 authors state, “The issue of cultural sensitivity should also be emphasized.” However, I found the definition of culture to be rigid, within the medical model, and not within different healthcare cultures of these study countries. Can authors comment on this?
回复：先前研究证明不同医疗文化可影响经历过不良事件护士的应对压力，比如如果医疗文化是安全文化而不是惩罚文化，那么护士往往愿意采取积极的应对策略，反之如果是医疗文化是惩罚文化，护士往往采取消极的应对策略。Please see 5 DISCUSSION.
[Mengwen] We explicitly defined “Culture” in the revised paper. Here we are trying to convey that different medical culture may have impact on nurses’ coping strategy. For example, nurses tend to choose positive coping strategies in safety culture, while they probably choose negative strategies if it is punitive culture. Please find details in 5 DISCUSSION.

I think the authors brought up a strong point in the discussion re: “medical taboo” of adverse events. How was it that this was not discussed in the introduction/background, nor in the results, as it seemed quite apparent in the quotations? Can authors explain why this was not part of the themes found? In this regard, I was confused about the point the authors were making re: “cross-cultural care,” as culture was not defined in the beginning of the manuscript, nor was it prominent in the results.
回复：已对文化进行定义，已补充“medical taboo “in introduction，result and discussion. please see 5discussion. 
[Mengwen] The definition of culture is added. More contents have been discussed in Introduction, Result and Discussion regarding “medical taboo”.
